Update Windows Server image docs (#216)
tidalmigrations/tidalmigrations.github.io: pages/user guides/tidal-vms.md

---
title: Tidal Virtual Machine Image
keywords: vm, virtual, machine, image, ova, ovf, aws, ami, ubuntu, windows, server, vmware, virtualbox
last_updated: August, 2022
summary: "Tidal virtual image for your migration discovery"
sidebar: main_sidebar
permalink: tidal-discovery-vm.html
---

To help you speed up your discovery process, you can use a pre-configured Tidal Migrations Virtual Machine. These VMs have the latest Tidal Migrations software and dependencies installed for you, so you can focus on getting things done.

> Ubuntu Server image can also perform discovery without any network connectivity to the public internet. To run a discovery in an 'offline' mode checkout [this guide](https://guides.tidalmg.com/tidal-offline.html).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Ubuntu Server image can also perform discovery without any network connectivity to the public internet. To run a discovery in an 'offline' mode checkout [this guide](https://guides.tidalmg.com/tidal-offline.html).
```

## Windows Server 2022

The image runs [Windows Server (2022 Datacenter Evaluation)](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/evalcenter/evaluate-windows-server-2022) and comes with a 180-day trial. It can be deployed into any virtual environment that is compatible with OVA based images.

{% include note.html content="This image comes only with the latest version of
[Tidal Tools](https://tidalmigrations.com/tidal-tools/) and [Machine Stats](https://pypi.org/project/machine-stats/)

> installed. The Windows image does not consist all the tools and software that are included in the Ubuntu Server image." %}

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
installed. The Windows image does not contain all the tools and software that are included in the Ubuntu Server image, since it is only intended to be used when capturing metrics with Machine Stats on a Windows environment" %}
```
